---
layout: page
title: Deep Learning Security Workshop
---

# Overview

While traditional computer security relies on well-defined
attack models and proofs of security, a science of security
for machine learning systems has proven more elusive. This
is due to a number of obstacles, including (1) the highly
varied angles of attack against ML systems, (2) the lack of
a clearly defined attack surface (because the source of the
data analyzed by ML systems is not easily traced), and (3)
the lack of clear formal definitions of security that are
appropriate for ML systems. At the same time, security of
ML systems is of great import due the recent trend of using
ML systems as a line of defense against malicious behavior
(e.g., network intrusion, malware, and ransomware), as well
as the prevalence of ML systems as parts of sensitive and
valuable software systems (e.g. sentiment analyzers for
predicting stock prices). This workshop will bring together
experts from the computer security and machine learning
communities in an attempt to highlight recent work in this
area, as well as to clarify the foundations of secure ML and
chart out important directions for future work and
cross-community collaborations.

# Invited Speakers

<div class="instructors">
     <div class="instructor">
       <a href="https://research.google.com/pubs/105214.html">
         <div class="instructorphoto"><img src="assets/people/iangoodfellow.jpg"/></div>
         <div>Ian Goodfellow</div>
         <div>Google Brain</div>
       </a>
     </div>
     <div class="instructor">
       <a href="http://mrtz.org/">
         <div class="instructorphoto"><img src="assets/people/mhart.jpg"/></div>
         <div>Moritz Hardt</div>
         <div>UC Berkeley</div>
       </a>
     </div>
     <div class="instructor">
         <div class="instructorphoto"><img src="assets/people/AlinaOprea.jpg"/></div>
         <div>Alina Oprea</div>
         <div>Northeastern University</div>
       </a>
     </div>
     <div class="instructor">
       <a href="https://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/alanqi/">
         <div class="instructorphoto"><img src="assets/people/Yuan_Qi.jpg"/></div>
         <div>Alan Qi</div>
         <div>FinTech</div>
       </a>
     </div>
     <div class="instructor">
       <a href="http://theory.stanford.edu/~barrett/">
         <div class="instructorphoto"><img src="assets/people/ClarkBarrett.jpg"/></div>
         <div>Clark Barrett</div>
         <div>Stanford University</div>
       </a>
     </div>
     <div class="instructor">
       <a href="http://www.allandafoe.com/">
         <div class="instructorphoto"><img src="assets/people/dafoe_1.png"/></div>
         <div>Allan Dafoe</div>
         <div>Yale University</div>
       </a>
     </div>
     <div class="instructor">
       <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/people/donaldbr/">
         <div class="instructorphoto"><img src="assets/people/onstage.jpg"/></div>
         <div>Donald Brinkman</div>
         <div>Microsoft Research</div>
       </a>
     </div>
</div>

# Schedule

8:40 - Opening Remarks

** Session 1: Machine Learning, Cybersecurity, and Society **

9:00 - Invited Talk #1: *Strategic and societal implications of ML* by Allan Dafoe

9:30 - Contributed Talk #1

9:45 - Poster Spotlights #1

10:00 - Coffee Break

** Session 2: Secure Machine Learning in Practice **

10:30 - Invited Talk #2: *Security in practice* by Alina Oprea

11:00 - Contributed Talk #2

11:15 - Invited Talk #3: *Security in FinTech* by Alan Qi

11:45 - Poster Spotlights #2

12:00 - Lunch **

** Session 3: Security Vulnerabilities of Machine Learning Systems **

1:15 - Invited Talk #4: *Vulnerabilities of neural nets* by Ian Goodfellow

1:45 - Contributed Talk #3

2:00 - Poster Session/Break

** Session 4: Definitions of Secure Learning **

2:45 - Invited Talk #5: *Security and fairness* by Moritz Hardt

3:15 - Contributed Talk #4

3:30 - Invited Talk #6: TBD

** Session 5: Verifying Machine Learning Code **

4:00 - Invited Talk #7: *Verification on ML systems* by Clark Barrett and Daniel Selman


# Organizer

[Jacob Steinhardt]<jacob.steinhardt@gmail.com>

[Bo Li](crystalboli@berkeley.edu>

[Chang Liu]<liuchang@eecs.berkeley.edu>

[Nicolas Papernot]<ngp5056@cse.psu.edu>

[Percy Liang]<pliang@stanford.edu>

[Dawn Song]<dawnsong@cs.berkeley.edu>


